README.md, before:

# Gaming Grids Core

This repository serves 3 purposes:

1. **image-filter:** Given a folder with League of Legends Champion Images, it
   filters it down to the images that have the suffix `_0.png`. This helps us
   manage the default Data Dragon assets so that we have only what we need in
   the repo.
2. **image-migrator:** It has a migrate script that runs in deno which uploads
   the images in the `champions` folder to a Supabase Storage.

3. **champion-parser:** Given the `champion.json` file, it filters the
   champions' data down to the name and image_url which then inserts them to the
   `champion` supabase table.

## Image Filter

Iterates a folder named `input` folder, which contains the wanted data from
League of Legends Data Dragon Dataset, looks for the files that contain `_0` on
their name which are the champions' basic images and copies them to a
`./champions` folder to be used by the `image-migrator`.

## How to run

`deno task filter`

---

## Image Migrator

Migrates Images from `champions` folder to our Supabase Storage with the
following steps:

1. connects to supabase storage,
2. It checks for the existence of the `champions` bucket. It creates the bucket
   if it doesn't exist.
3. Uploads any images that are **not already uploaded** on the supabase storage.

## Champion Parser

Inserts data to our `champion` table by reading the `champion.json` file,
connecting to the database and mapping our champion data to keep only the
necessary infromation (name,image url)

## How to run

`deno task seedChampions`

### Requirements

Before running make sure you have the correct `SUPABASE_URL` and `SUPABASE_KEY`
in your .env file

### How to run

Run the migrator by `deno task migrator`.

Commit message:

seedChapions
Changed the functionality so that if the insertion of one champion returns an error, the app continues to insert the rest of the champions.
 Updated the README file to contain information about the restriction parser

README.md, after:

# Gaming Grids Core

This repository serves 4 purposes:

1. **image-filter:** Given a folder with League of Legends Champion Images, it
   filters it down to the images that have the suffix `_0.png`. This helps us
   manage the default Data Dragon assets so that we have only what we need in
   the repo.
2. **image-migrator:** It has a migrate script that runs in deno which uploads
   the images in the `champions` folder to a Supabase Storage.

3. **champion-parser:** Given the `champion.json` file, it filters the
   champions' data down to the name and image_url which then inserts them to the
   `champion` supabase table.
   
4. **restriction-parser:** Given the `champion.json` file, it filters the
  programmed restrictions containing the essential infromation (restriction name, display name,
   list of champions and the list hash) to the
   `restriction` supabase table.

## Image Filter

Iterates a folder named `input` folder, which contains the wanted data from
League of Legends Data Dragon Dataset, looks for the files that contain `_0` on
their name which are the champions' basic images and copies them to a
`./champions` folder to be used by the `image-migrator`.

## How to run

`deno task filter`

---

## Image Migrator

Migrates Images from `champions` folder to our Supabase Storage with the
following steps:

1. connects to supabase storage,
2. It checks for the existence of the `champions` bucket. It creates the bucket
   if it doesn't exist.
3. Uploads any images that are **not already uploaded** on the supabase storage.

### How to run

Run the migrator by `deno task migrator`.

---

## Champion Parser

Inserts data to our `champion` table by reading the `champion.json` file,
connecting to the database and mapping our champion data to keep only the
necessary infromation (name,image url)

## How to run

`deno task seedChampions`

### Requirements

Before running make sure you have the correct `SUPABASE_URL`, `SUPABASE_KEY` and `BUCKET_URL`
in your .env file

---

## Restriction Parser

Inserts data to our `restriction` table by reading the `champion.json` file,
connecting to the database and mapping our champion data to keep only the
necessary infromation (restriction name, display name, list of champions and the list hash)

## How to run

`deno task seedRestrictions`

### Requirements

Before running make sure you have the correct `SUPABASE_URL` and `SUPABASE_KEY`
in your .env file
